[DOCS] Update deprecation pages (#26597)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/deprecation/index.mdx

CLI command                                                                  | API endpoint
---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------
N/A                                                                          | [`/sys/plugins/catalog`](/vault/api-docs/system/plugins-catalog)
[`vault plugin info auth <PLUGIN_NAME>`](/vault/docs/commands/plugin/info)   | [`/sys/plugins/catalog/auth/:name`](/vault/api-docs/system/plugins-catalog#list-plugins-1)
[`vault plugin info secret <PLUGIN_NAME>`](/vault/docs/commands/plugin/info) | [`/sys/plugins/catalog/secret/:name`](/vault/api-docs/system/plugins-catalog#list-plugins-1)

### Pending removal

"Pending removal" is the second phase of the deprecation process and indicates
that the feature behavior is fundamentally altered in the following ways:

- Built-in authentication and secrets plugins log `Error`-level messages and
  cause an immediate shutdown of the Vault core.
- All features pending removal fail and log `Error`-level messages.
- All CLI commands and API endpoints associated with the feature fail and return
  errors.

<Warning title="Use with caution">

>   In critical situations, you can override the pending removal behavior with the
>   [`VAULT_ALLOW_PENDING_REMOVAL_MOUNTS`](/vault/docs/commands/server#vault_allow_pending_removal_mounts)
>   environment variable, which forces Vault to treat features that are pending
>   removal as if they were still only deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In critical situations, you may be able to override the pending removal behavior with the
  [`VAULT_ALLOW_PENDING_REMOVAL_MOUNTS`](/vault/docs/commands/server#vault_allow_pending_removal_mounts)
  environment variable, which forces Vault to treat some features that are pending
  removal as if they were still only deprecated.
```

This environment variable only applies to some features that are deprecated. Roughly, secrets engines and auth methods that are built in to the binary instead of external plugins. I've made a tentative suggestion to try to make it clearer that this env var won't work for everything, which I think we should make more clear, but I'm not saying my suggestion has to be the verbiage.
